Fixed #34739 -- Added GEOSGeometry.equals_identical() method. (#17146)
django/django: docs/releases/5.0.txt

* Added support for GEOS 3.12.

* The new

>   :meth:`.GEOSGeometry.equals_identical()` method returns ``True`` if the two

Reviewer: `()` are unnecessary, sphinx adds them automatically to `:meth:` and `:func:` directives:
```suggestion
  :meth:`.GEOSGeometry.equals_identical` method returns ``True`` if the two
```

> * The new
>   :meth:`.GEOSGeometry.equals_identical()` method returns ``True`` if the two

Reviewer: Maybe:
```suggestion
* The new :meth:`.GEOSGeometry.equals_identical` method allows pointwise
  equivalence checking of geometries.
```
